# Quiz

This is a simple Quiz application

## Local development

For development of this project you need Visual Studio. 

Download and install [SQL Server 2022 Developer](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/sql-server/sql-server-downloads). Run the server. If you see that the connection string differs from the one found in DependencyInjection, replace it.

Database migrations can be runned by going to the backend source folder quiz, open PowerShell and type `dotnet ef database update` 

If you want to seed the database with data and not create your own, there are some data seeds found in the  root folder (seed-data). These has to be runned manually, to do this you could for instance use SQL Server Object Extension which is an extension in Visual Studio. To obtain this go to Tools - Get Tools And Features. Scroll down in Workloads, check Data storage and processing and install. If you cannot see SQL Server Object Extension, click on View and select it. Connect to your local database. Right click on the database, choose New query, copy the content from the script files. Run the SQL scripts in the correct order, they are prefixed with a numbered.

## Running the application

Make sure that your local development database is running and that the database is up to date with the migrations. See the Local development section for guidelines.

Start Visual Studio, choose the quiz project as the startup project and start the application. 

Swagger will automatically open in a browser window on application startup.

For further guidelines on how to run the frontend application see the autogenerated README in quiz-frontend.